INIT_LIST_HEAD kern
Nonstub_sk_buff_get_length kern
__bad_pda_field kern
__builtin_expect kern
__builtin_memcpy kern
__const_udelay kern
__create_pipe kern
__create_workqueue_key kern
__kmalloc kern
__memcpy kern
__netif_schedule kern
__spin_lock_init kern
__tasklet_schedule kern
__wake_up kern
__xchg kern
_spin_lock kern
_spin_lock_irqsave kern
_spin_unlock kern
_spin_unlock_irqrestore kern
add_wait_queue kern
alloc_etherdev_mq kern
alloc_urbs kern
cancel_delayed_work kern
capable kern
check_carrier kern
cleanup_module kern
clear_bit kern
constant_test_bit kern
ctrl_callback kern
del_timer_sync kern
destroy_workqueue kern
dev_alloc_skb kern
dev_driver_string kern
dev_get_drvdata kern
dev_name kern
dev_set_drvdata kern
disable_net_traffic kern
enable_net_traffic kern
eth_type_trans kern
fill_skb_pool kern
free_all_urbs kern
free_netdev kern
free_skb_pool kern
get_current kern
get_interrupt_interval kern
get_node_id kern
get_registers kern
init_module kern
init_timer kern
init_waitqueue_head kern
intr_callback kern
kfree kern
kfree_skb kern
kmalloc kern
lockdep_init_map kern
logRead kern
logWrite kern
mdio_read kern
mdio_write kern
memset kern
mii_ethtool_gset kern
mii_ethtool_sset kern
mii_link_ok kern
mii_nway_restart kern
mii_phy_probe kern
netdev_get_tx_queue kern
netdev_priv kern
netif_carrier_off kern
netif_carrier_on kern
netif_device_attach kern
netif_device_detach kern
netif_device_present kern
netif_msg_init kern
netif_running kern
netif_rx kern
netif_start_queue kern
netif_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_start_queue kern
netif_tx_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_wake_queue kern
netif_wake_queue kern
netpoll_trap kern
parse_id kern
pegasus_blacklisted kern
pegasus_checkpoint kern
pegasus_close kern
pegasus_dec_workqueue kern
pegasus_disconnect kern
pegasus_exit kern
pegasus_get_drvinfo kern
pegasus_get_link kern
pegasus_get_msglevel user
pegasus_get_settings kern
pegasus_get_wol user
pegasus_init kern
pegasus_ioctl kern
pegasus_netdev_stats kern
pegasus_nway_reset kern
pegasus_open kern
pegasus_probe kern
pegasus_reset_wol kern
pegasus_restore kern
pegasus_resume kern
pegasus_set_msglevel user
pegasus_set_multicast kern
pegasus_set_settings user
pegasus_set_wol kern
pegasus_start_xmit kern
pegasus_suspend kern
pegasus_tx_timeout kern
printk kern
printk_ratelimit kern
pull_skb kern
queue_delayed_work kern
read_bulk_callback kern
read_eprom_word kern
read_mii_word kern
register_netdev kern
remove_wait_queue kern
reset_mac kern
rx_fixup kern
schedule kern
set_bit kern
set_carrier kern
set_ethernet_addr kern
set_register kern
set_registers kern
setup_pegasus_II kern
simple_strtoul kern
skb_copy_from_linear_data kern
skb_put kern
skb_reserve kern
snprintf kern
strncpy kern
strsep kern
tasklet_init kern
tasklet_kill kern
tasklet_schedule kern
test_and_clear_bit kern
test_and_set_bit kern
unlink_all_urbs kern
unregister_netdev kern
update_eth_regs_async kern
usb_alloc_urb kern
usb_deregister kern
usb_fill_bulk_urb kern
usb_fill_control_urb kern
usb_fill_int_urb kern
usb_free_urb kern
usb_get_dev kern
usb_get_intfdata kern
usb_kill_urb kern
usb_make_path kern
usb_put_dev kern
usb_register kern
usb_register_driver kern
usb_reset_configuration kern
usb_set_intfdata kern
usb_submit_urb kern
usb_unlink_urb kern
write_bulk_callback kern
write_mii_word kern
logRead user
logAlloc user
logFree user
logWrite user
logStackFrame user
logSfiFrame kern
logStackVar user
stackguard_push user
stackguard_pop user
stackguard_stack user
stackguard_set_ra user
stackguard_get_ra user
heapifymalloc user
heapifyfree user
