pegasus_start_xmit ndo_start_xmit
init_module init_module
pegasus_get_wol get_wol
pegasus_netdev_stats ndo_get_stats
pegasus_probe probe_usb
pegasus_nway_reset nway_reset
pegasus_tx_timeout ndo_tx_timeout
cleanup_module cleanup_module
pegasus_ioctl ndo_do_ioctl
pegasus_open ndo_open
pegasus_disconnect disconnect_usb
pegasus_get_settings get_settings
pegasus_set_settings set_settings
pegasus_get_link get_link
pegasus_set_multicast ndo_set_multicast_list
pegasus_close ndo_stop
pegasus_resume resume_usb
pegasus_set_wol set_wol
pegasus_set_msglevel set_msglevel
pegasus_get_drvinfo get_drvinfo
pegasus_get_msglevel get_msglevel
