INIT_LIST_HEAD kern
Nonstub_get_size kern
Nonstub_get_usb_device kern
Nonstub_return_buflen kern
Nonstub_usb_host_interface kern
__bad_pda_field kern
__builtin_expect kern
__builtin_memcpy kern
__builtin_prefetch kern
__create_pipe kern
__get_free_pages kern
__kmalloc kern
__list_add kern
__memcpy kern
__might_sleep kern
__phys_addr kern
__snd_bug_on kern
__spin_lock_init kern
__tasklet_schedule kern
__wake_up kern
__xchg kern
_cond_resched kern
_spin_lock kern
_spin_lock_irq kern
_spin_lock_irqsave kern
_spin_unlock kern
_spin_unlock_irq kern
_spin_unlock_irqrestore kern
add_audio_endpoint kern
add_control_to_empty kern
audiophile_skip_setting_quirk kern
build_audio_procunit kern
build_feature_ctl kern
build_mixer_unit_ctl kern
bytes_to_frames kern
check_hw_params_convention kern
check_ignored_ctl kern
check_input_term kern
check_mapped_name kern
check_mapped_selector_name kern
check_matrix_bitmap kern
cleanup_module kern
clear_bit kern
convert_bytes_value kern
convert_signed_value kern
copy_to_user kern
create_composite_quirk kern
create_fixed_stream_quirk kern
create_standard_audio_quirk kern
create_ua1000_quirk kern
create_ua101_quirk kern
create_uaxx_quirk kern
deactivate_urbs kern
del_timer_sync kern
dev_get_drvdata kern
dev_set_drvdata kern
ffs kern
find_audio_control_unit kern
find_format kern
find_port_info kern
finish_wait kern
free_pages kern
free_substream kern
get_abs_value kern
get_ctl_value kern
get_cur_ctl_value kern
get_cur_mix_value kern
get_current kern
get_min_max kern
get_order kern
get_relative_value kern
get_term_name kern
get_usb_full_speed_rate kern
get_usb_high_speed_rate kern
hw_check_valid_format kern
hw_param_interval kern
hw_param_mask kern
hw_rule_channels kern
hw_rule_format kern
hw_rule_rate kern
ignore_interface_quirk kern
init_module kern
init_substream kern
init_substream_urbs kern
init_timer kern
init_usb_pitch kern
init_usb_sample_rate kern
init_waitqueue_head kern
is_big_endian_format kern
kcalloc kern
kfree kern
kmalloc kern
kmemdup kern
kzalloc kern
list_add kern
list_add_tail kern
list_del kern
memset kern
might_fault kern
mixer_ctl_feature_get kern
mixer_ctl_feature_info kern
mixer_ctl_feature_put kern
mixer_ctl_procunit_get kern
mixer_ctl_procunit_put kern
mixer_ctl_selector_get kern
mixer_ctl_selector_info kern
mixer_ctl_selector_put kern
mixer_vol_tlv kern
mod_timer kern
msecs_to_jiffies kern
mutex_lock_nested kern
mutex_unlock kern
parse_audio_endpoints kern
parse_audio_extension_unit kern
parse_audio_feature_unit kern
parse_audio_format kern
parse_audio_format_i kern
parse_audio_format_i_type kern
parse_audio_format_ii kern
parse_audio_format_rates kern
parse_audio_mixer_unit kern
parse_audio_processing_unit kern
parse_audio_selector_unit kern
parse_audio_unit kern
poll_wait kern
prepare_capture_sync_urb kern
prepare_capture_sync_urb_hs kern
prepare_capture_urb kern
prepare_nodata_playback_urb kern
prepare_playback_sync_urb kern
prepare_playback_sync_urb_hs kern
prepare_playback_urb kern
prepare_to_wait kern
printk kern
proc_audio_usbbus_read kern
proc_audio_usbid_read kern
proc_pcm_format_add kern
release_substream_urbs kern
release_urb_ctx kern
retire_capture_sync_urb kern
retire_capture_urb kern
retire_paused_capture_urb kern
retire_playback_sync_urb kern
retire_playback_sync_urb_hs kern
retire_playback_sync_urb_hs_emu kern
retire_playback_urb kern
schedule kern
schedule_timeout_uninterruptible kern
send_bulk_static_data kern
set_bit kern
set_ctl_value kern
set_cur_ctl_value kern
set_cur_mix_value kern
set_format kern
setup_hw_info kern
signal_pending kern
snd_audigy2nx_controls_create kern
snd_audigy2nx_led_get kern
snd_audigy2nx_led_put kern
snd_audigy2nx_proc_read kern
snd_card_disconnect kern
snd_card_free kern
snd_card_free_when_closed kern
snd_card_new kern
snd_card_proc_new kern
snd_card_register kern
snd_complete_sync_urb kern
snd_complete_urb kern
snd_component_add kern
snd_ctl_add kern
snd_ctl_find_id kern
snd_ctl_new1 kern
snd_ctl_notify kern
snd_device_new kern
snd_hwdep_new kern
snd_info_set_text_ops kern
snd_interval_checkempty kern
snd_iprintf kern
snd_mask_min kern
snd_mask_test kern
snd_pcm_alloc_vmalloc_buffer kern
snd_pcm_format_physical_width kern
snd_pcm_free_vmalloc_buffer kern
snd_pcm_get_vmalloc_page kern
snd_pcm_hw_constraint_list kern
snd_pcm_hw_constraint_minmax kern
snd_pcm_hw_rule_add_MJR2 kern
snd_pcm_new kern
snd_pcm_new_stream kern
snd_pcm_period_elapsed kern
snd_pcm_rate_to_rate_bit kern
snd_pcm_set_ops kern
snd_pcm_stop kern
snd_pcm_suspend_all kern
snd_power_change_state kern
snd_rawmidi_new kern
snd_rawmidi_receive kern
snd_rawmidi_set_ops kern
snd_rawmidi_transmit kern
snd_rawmidi_transmit_ack kern
snd_rawmidi_transmit_empty kern
snd_rawmidi_transmit_peek kern
snd_usb_audigy2nx_boot_quirk kern
snd_usb_audio_cleanup kern
snd_usb_audio_create kern
snd_usb_audio_create_proc kern
snd_usb_audio_dev_free kern
snd_usb_audio_disconnect kern
snd_usb_audio_free kern
snd_usb_audio_init kern
snd_usb_audio_next_packet_size kern
snd_usb_audio_pcm_free kern
snd_usb_audio_probe kern
snd_usb_audio_stream_free kern
snd_usb_capture_close kern
snd_usb_capture_open kern
snd_usb_cm106_boot_quirk kern
snd_usb_cm106_write_int_reg kern
snd_usb_combine_bytes kern
snd_usb_copy_string_desc kern
snd_usb_create_midi_interface kern
snd_usb_create_mixer kern
snd_usb_create_quirk kern
snd_usb_create_streams kern
snd_usb_ctl_msg kern
snd_usb_extigy_boot_quirk kern
snd_usb_find_csint_desc kern
snd_usb_find_desc kern
snd_usb_hw_free kern
snd_usb_hw_params kern
snd_usb_mixer_controls kern
snd_usb_mixer_dev_free kern
snd_usb_mixer_disconnect kern
snd_usb_mixer_free kern
snd_usb_mixer_memory_change kern
snd_usb_mixer_notify_id kern
snd_usb_mixer_status_complete kern
snd_usb_mixer_status_create kern
snd_usb_pcm_capture_trigger kern
snd_usb_pcm_check_knot kern
snd_usb_pcm_close kern
snd_usb_pcm_open kern
snd_usb_pcm_playback_trigger kern
snd_usb_pcm_pointer kern
snd_usb_pcm_prepare kern
snd_usb_playback_close kern
snd_usb_playback_open kern
snd_usb_sbrc_hwdep_open kern
snd_usb_sbrc_hwdep_poll kern
snd_usb_sbrc_hwdep_read kern
snd_usb_sbrc_hwdep_release kern
snd_usb_soundblaster_remote_complete kern
snd_usb_soundblaster_remote_init kern
snd_usb_stream_disconnect kern
snd_usbmidi_cme_input kern
snd_usbmidi_count_bits kern
snd_usbmidi_create_endpoints kern
snd_usbmidi_create_endpoints_midiman kern
snd_usbmidi_create_rawmidi kern
snd_usbmidi_detect_endpoints kern
snd_usbmidi_detect_per_port_endpoints kern
snd_usbmidi_detect_yamaha kern
snd_usbmidi_disconnect kern
snd_usbmidi_do_output kern
snd_usbmidi_emagic_finish_out kern
snd_usbmidi_emagic_init_out kern
snd_usbmidi_emagic_input kern
snd_usbmidi_emagic_output kern
snd_usbmidi_error_timer kern
snd_usbmidi_find_substream kern
snd_usbmidi_free kern
snd_usbmidi_get_ms_info kern
snd_usbmidi_get_port_info kern
snd_usbmidi_in_endpoint_create kern
snd_usbmidi_in_endpoint_delete kern
snd_usbmidi_in_urb_complete kern
snd_usbmidi_init_substream kern
snd_usbmidi_input_close kern
snd_usbmidi_input_data kern
snd_usbmidi_input_open kern
snd_usbmidi_input_start kern
snd_usbmidi_input_start_ep kern
snd_usbmidi_input_stop kern
snd_usbmidi_input_trigger kern
snd_usbmidi_maudio_broken_running_status_input kern
snd_usbmidi_midiman_input kern
snd_usbmidi_novation_input kern
snd_usbmidi_novation_output kern
snd_usbmidi_out_endpoint_create kern
snd_usbmidi_out_endpoint_delete kern
snd_usbmidi_out_tasklet kern
snd_usbmidi_out_urb_complete kern
snd_usbmidi_output_close kern
snd_usbmidi_output_midiman_packet kern
snd_usbmidi_output_open kern
snd_usbmidi_output_standard_packet kern
snd_usbmidi_output_trigger kern
snd_usbmidi_raw_input kern
snd_usbmidi_raw_output kern
snd_usbmidi_rawmidi_free kern
snd_usbmidi_standard_input kern
snd_usbmidi_standard_output kern
snd_usbmidi_submit_urb kern
snd_usbmidi_switch_roland_altsetting kern
snd_usbmidi_transmit_byte kern
snd_usbmidi_urb_error kern
snd_usbmidi_us122l_input kern
snd_usbmidi_us122l_output kern
snprintf kern
sprintf kern
start_urbs kern
strcmp kern
strcpy kern
strlcat kern
strlcpy kern
strlen kern
tasklet_init kern
tasklet_kill kern
tasklet_schedule kern
test_and_set_bit kern
test_ti_thread_flag kern
test_tsk_thread_flag kern
usb_alloc_urb kern
usb_audio_disconnect kern
usb_audio_probe kern
usb_audio_resume kern
usb_audio_suspend kern
usb_buffer_alloc kern
usb_buffer_free kern
usb_bulk_msg kern
usb_control_msg kern
usb_deregister kern
usb_driver_claim_interface kern
usb_endpoint_dir_in kern
usb_endpoint_dir_out kern
usb_endpoint_num kern
usb_endpoint_xfer_bulk kern
usb_endpoint_xfer_int kern
usb_error_string kern
usb_fill_bulk_urb kern
usb_fill_control_urb kern
usb_fill_int_urb kern
usb_free_urb kern
usb_get_descriptor kern
usb_get_intfdata kern
usb_ifnum_to_if kern
usb_interface_claimed kern
usb_kill_urb kern
usb_make_path kern
usb_maxpacket kern
usb_mixer_elem_free kern
usb_mixer_selector_elem_free kern
usb_register kern
usb_register_driver kern
usb_reset_configuration kern
usb_set_interface kern
usb_set_intfdata kern
usb_string kern
usb_submit_urb kern
usb_unlink_urb kern
variable_test_bit kern
wait_clear_urbs kern
warn_slowpath kern
logRead user
logWrite user
logStackFrame user
stackguard_push user
stackguard_pop user
stackguard_stack user
stackguard_set_ra user
stackguard_get_ra user
heapifymalloc user
heapifyfree user
