Nonstub_sk_buff_get_length kern
__bad_pda_field kern
__builtin_expect kern
__builtin_memcpy kern
__builtin_prefetch kern
__const_udelay kern
__fswab16 kern
__kmalloc kern
__memcpy kern
__netif_schedule kern
__netif_tx_lock kern
__netif_tx_unlock kern
__pci_register_driver kern
__phys_addr kern
__raw_local_save_flags kern
__spin_lock_init kern
__udelay kern
__vlan_hwaccel_rx kern
_spin_lock kern
_spin_lock_irq kern
_spin_lock_irqsave kern
_spin_unlock kern
_spin_unlock_irq kern
_spin_unlock_irqrestore kern
alloc_etherdev_mq kern
cleanup_module kern
clear_bit kern
constant_test_bit kern
del_timer_sync kern
dev_alloc_skb kern
dev_driver_string kern
dev_get_drvdata kern
dev_kfree_skb_any kern
dev_name kern
dev_set_drvdata kern
device_init_wakeup kern
disable_irq kern
disable_irq_lockdep kern
dma_alloc_coherent kern
dma_alloc_coherent_gfp_flags kern
dma_alloc_coherent_mask kern
dma_free_coherent kern
dma_high kern
dma_low kern
dma_map_page kern
dma_map_single kern
dma_unmap_page kern
dma_unmap_single kern
enable_irq kern
enable_irq_lockdep kern
eth_type_trans kern
ethtool_op_set_sg kern
ethtool_op_set_tso kern
ethtool_op_set_tx_hw_csum kern
exit_nic kern
free_irq kern
free_netdev kern
free_rings kern
get_dma_ops kern
get_hwbase kern
get_nvpriv kern
get_random_bytes kern
init_module kern
init_nic kern
init_timer kern
ioremap kern
ioremap_nocache kern
iounmap kern
is_device_dma_capable kern
is_multicast_ether_addr kern
is_valid_ether_addr kern
is_zero_ether_addr kern
kcalloc kern
kfree kern
kfree_skb kern
kmalloc kern
local_bh_disable kern
local_bh_enable kern
memset kern
mii_rw kern
mod_timer kern
msleep kern
native_irq_disable kern
native_irq_enable kern
native_save_fl kern
netdev_get_tx_queue kern
netdev_priv kern
netif_addr_lock kern
netif_addr_unlock kern
netif_carrier_off kern
netif_carrier_ok kern
netif_carrier_on kern
netif_device_attach kern
netif_device_detach kern
netif_running kern
netif_rx kern
netif_start_queue kern
netif_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_lock kern
netif_tx_lock_bh kern
netif_tx_start_queue kern
netif_tx_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_unlock kern
netif_tx_unlock_bh kern
netif_tx_wake_queue kern
netif_wake_queue kern
netpoll_trap kern
nv_alloc_rx kern
nv_alloc_rx_optimized kern
nv_change_mtu kern
nv_close kern
nv_copy_mac_to_hw kern
nv_descr_getlength kern
nv_descr_getlength_ex kern
nv_disable_hw_interrupts kern
nv_disable_irq kern
nv_do_nic_poll kern
nv_do_rx_refill kern
nv_do_stats_poll kern
nv_drain_rx kern
nv_drain_rxtx kern
nv_drain_tx kern
nv_enable_hw_interrupts kern
nv_enable_irq kern
nv_free_irq kern
nv_gear_backoff_reseed kern
nv_get_drvinfo kern
nv_get_empty_tx_slots kern
nv_get_ethtool_stats kern
nv_get_hw_stats kern
nv_get_pauseparam kern
nv_get_regs kern
nv_get_regs_len kern
nv_get_ringparam user
nv_get_rx_csum kern
nv_get_settings kern
nv_get_sset_count kern
nv_get_stats kern
nv_get_strings kern
nv_get_wol kern
nv_getlen kern
nv_init_ring kern
nv_init_rx kern
nv_init_tx kern
nv_interrupt_test kern
nv_legacybackoff_reseed kern
nv_link_irq kern
nv_link_test kern
nv_linkchange kern
nv_loopback_test kern
nv_mac_reset kern
nv_mgmt_acquire_sema kern
nv_msi_workaround kern
nv_nic_irq kern
nv_nic_irq_optimized kern
nv_nic_irq_other kern
nv_nic_irq_rx kern
nv_nic_irq_test kern
nv_nic_irq_tx kern
nv_nway_reset kern
nv_open kern
nv_optimized kern
nv_poll_controller kern
nv_probe kern
nv_register_test user
nv_release_txskb kern
nv_remove kern
nv_request_irq kern
nv_restore_mac_addr kern
nv_restore_phy kern
nv_resume kern
nv_rx_process kern
nv_rx_process_optimized kern
nv_self_test kern
nv_set_mac_address kern
nv_set_multicast kern
nv_set_pauseparam kern
nv_set_ringparam kern
nv_set_rx_csum kern
nv_set_settings kern
nv_set_sg kern
nv_set_tso kern
nv_set_tx_csum kern
nv_set_wol kern
nv_shutdown kern
nv_start_rx kern
nv_start_rxtx kern
nv_start_tx kern
nv_start_xmit kern
nv_start_xmit_optimized kern
nv_stop_rx kern
nv_stop_rxtx kern
nv_stop_tx kern
nv_suspend kern
nv_tx_done kern
nv_tx_done_optimized kern
nv_tx_flip_ownership kern
nv_tx_timeout kern
nv_txrx_reset kern
nv_update_linkspeed kern
nv_update_pause kern
nv_vlan_rx_register kern
pci_alloc_consistent kern
pci_choose_state kern
pci_disable_device kern
pci_disable_msi kern
pci_disable_msix kern
pci_enable_device kern
pci_enable_msi kern
pci_enable_msix kern
pci_enable_wake kern
pci_free_consistent kern
pci_get_drvdata kern
pci_map_page kern
pci_map_single kern
pci_name kern
pci_push kern
pci_release_regions kern
pci_request_regions kern
pci_restore_state kern
pci_save_state kern
pci_set_consistent_dma_mask kern
pci_set_dma_mask kern
pci_set_drvdata kern
pci_set_master kern
pci_set_power_state kern
pci_unmap_page kern
pci_unmap_single kern
pci_unregister_driver kern
phy_init kern
phy_reset kern
printk kern
raw_irqs_disabled_flags kern
raw_local_irq_disable kern
raw_local_irq_enable kern
readl kern
reg_delay user
register_netdev kern
request_irq kern
round_jiffies kern
set_bit kern
set_bufsize kern
set_msix_vector_map kern
setup_hw_rings kern
skb_end_pointer kern
skb_is_gso kern
skb_is_nonlinear kern
skb_put kern
skb_tailroom kern
strcpy kern
synchronize_irq kern
test_and_clear_bit kern
unregister_netdev kern
using_multi_irqs kern
valid_dma_direction kern
virt_to_phys kern
vlan_hwaccel_rx kern
warn_slowpath kern
writel kern
logRead user
logWrite user
logStackFrame user
stackguard_push user
stackguard_pop user
stackguard_stack user
stackguard_set_ra user
stackguard_get_ra user
heapifymalloc user
heapifyfree user
