INIT_LIST_HEAD kern
__arch_swab32 kern
__builtin_expect kern
__builtin_memcpy kern
__const_udelay kern
__fswab16 kern
__fswab32 kern
__kmalloc kern
__memcpy kern
__memcpy_fromio kern
__napi_schedule kern
__netdev_alloc_skb kern
__netif_rx_schedule kern
__netif_schedule kern
__pci_register_driver kern
__phys_addr kern
__raw_local_save_flags kern
__raw_spin_unlock kern
__rtl_hw_start_8168cp kern
__ticket_spin_unlock kern
__vlan_hwaccel_rx kern
_spin_lock_irq kern
_spin_lock_irqsave kern
_spin_unlock_irqrestore kern
alloc_etherdev_mq kern
bitrev32 kern
capable kern
cleanup_module kern
clear_bit kern
constant_test_bit kern
crc32_le kern
del_timer_sync kern
dev_driver_string kern
dev_get_drvdata kern
dev_kfree_skb_irq kern
dev_name kern
dev_set_drvdata kern
device_set_wakeup_enable kern
disable_irq kern
dma_alloc_coherent kern
dma_alloc_coherent_gfp_flags kern
dma_alloc_coherent_mask kern
dma_free_coherent kern
dma_map_single kern
dma_sync_single_for_cpu kern
dma_sync_single_for_device kern
dma_unmap_single kern
dump_stack kern
enable_irq kern
eth_type_trans kern
flush_scheduled_work kern
free_irq kern
free_netdev kern
get_dma_ops kern
if_mii kern
init_module kern
init_timer kern
ioremap kern
ioremap_nocache kern
iounmap kern
ip_hdr kern
is_device_dma_capable kern
is_multicast_ether_addr kern
is_valid_ether_addr kern
is_zero_ether_addr kern
kfree_skb kern
kmalloc kern
lowmem_page_address kern
mdio_patch kern
mdio_read kern
mdio_write kern
memcpy_fromio kern
memset kern
mii_ethtool_gset kern
mod_timer kern
msleep kern
msleep_interruptible kern
napi_complete kern
napi_disable kern
napi_disable_pending kern
napi_enable kern
napi_schedule_prep kern
native_irq_enable kern
native_save_fl kern
net_ratelimit kern
netdev_alloc_skb kern
netdev_get_tx_queue kern
netdev_priv kern
netif_carrier_off kern
netif_carrier_on kern
netif_device_attach kern
netif_device_detach kern
netif_msg_init kern
netif_napi_add kern
netif_queue_stopped kern
netif_receive_skb kern
netif_running kern
netif_rx_complete kern
netif_rx_schedule_prep kern
netif_start_queue kern
netif_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_queue_stopped kern
netif_tx_start_queue kern
netif_tx_stop_queue kern
netif_tx_wake_queue kern
netif_wake_queue kern
netpoll_trap kern
pci_alloc_consistent kern
pci_bus_read_config_word kern
pci_bus_write_config_byte kern
pci_bus_write_config_word kern
pci_choose_state kern
pci_clear_mwi kern
pci_disable_device kern
pci_disable_msi kern
pci_dma_sync_single_for_cpu kern
pci_dma_sync_single_for_device kern
pci_enable_device kern
pci_enable_msi kern
pci_enable_wake kern
pci_find_capability kern
pci_free_consistent kern
pci_get_drvdata kern
pci_map_single kern
pci_name kern
pci_read_config_word kern
pci_release_regions kern
pci_request_regions kern
pci_restore_state kern
pci_save_state kern
pci_set_dma_mask kern
pci_set_drvdata kern
pci_set_master kern
pci_set_mwi kern
pci_set_power_state kern
pci_unmap_single kern
pci_unregister_driver kern
pci_write_config_byte kern
pci_write_config_word kern
printk kern
r8169_checkpoint kern
r8169_restore kern
raw_irqs_disabled_flags kern
raw_local_irq_enable kern
readb kern
readl kern
readw kern
register_netdev kern
request_irq kern
rtl8102e_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168bb_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168bef_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168c_1_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168c_2_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168c_3_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168c_4_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168cp_1_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168cp_2_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8168d_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8169_alloc_rx_skb kern
rtl8169_asic_down kern
rtl8169_change_mtu kern
rtl8169_check_link_status kern
rtl8169_cleanup_module kern
rtl8169_close kern
rtl8169_delete_timer kern
rtl8169_down kern
rtl8169_fragmented_frame kern
rtl8169_free_rx_skb kern
rtl8169_get_drvinfo user
rtl8169_get_ethtool_stats user
rtl8169_get_mac_version kern
rtl8169_get_msglevel user
rtl8169_get_regs user
rtl8169_get_regs_len user
rtl8169_get_rx_csum user
rtl8169_get_settings kern
rtl8169_get_sset_count user
rtl8169_get_stats kern
rtl8169_get_strings kern
rtl8169_get_wol user
rtl8169_gset_tbi kern
rtl8169_gset_xmii kern
rtl8169_hw_reset kern
rtl8169_init_module kern
rtl8169_init_one kern
rtl8169_init_phy kern
rtl8169_init_ring kern
rtl8169_init_ring_indexes kern
rtl8169_interrupt kern
rtl8169_ioctl kern
rtl8169_irq_mask_and_ack kern
rtl8169_make_unusable_by_asic kern
rtl8169_map_to_asic kern
rtl8169_mark_as_last_descriptor kern
rtl8169_mark_to_asic kern
rtl8169_netpoll kern
rtl8169_open kern
rtl8169_pcierr_interrupt kern
rtl8169_phy_reset kern
rtl8169_phy_timer kern
rtl8169_poll kern
rtl8169_print_mac_version kern
rtl8169_reinit_task kern
rtl8169_release_board kern
rtl8169_remove_one kern
rtl8169_request_timer kern
rtl8169_reset_task kern
rtl8169_resume kern
rtl8169_rx_clear kern
rtl8169_rx_csum kern
rtl8169_rx_fill kern
rtl8169_rx_interrupt kern
rtl8169_rx_missed kern
rtl8169_rx_vlan_skb kern
rtl8169_schedule_work kern
rtl8169_set_magic_reg kern
rtl8169_set_msglevel kern
rtl8169_set_rx_csum kern
rtl8169_set_rxbufsize kern
rtl8169_set_settings kern
rtl8169_set_speed kern
rtl8169_set_speed_tbi kern
rtl8169_set_speed_xmii kern
rtl8169_set_wol kern
rtl8169_start_xmit kern
rtl8169_suspend kern
rtl8169_tbi_link_ok kern
rtl8169_tbi_reset_enable kern
rtl8169_tbi_reset_pending kern
rtl8169_try_rx_copy kern
rtl8169_tso_csum kern
rtl8169_tx_clear kern
rtl8169_tx_interrupt kern
rtl8169_tx_timeout kern
rtl8169_tx_vlan_tag kern
rtl8169_unmap_tx_skb kern
rtl8169_update_counters kern
rtl8169_vlan_rx_register kern
rtl8169_wait_for_quiescence kern
rtl8169_write_gmii_reg_bit kern
rtl8169_xmii_link_ok kern
rtl8169_xmii_reset_enable kern
rtl8169_xmii_reset_pending kern
rtl8169_xmit_frags kern
rtl8169s_hw_phy_config kern
rtl8169sb_hw_phy_config kern
rtl_csi_access_enable kern
rtl_csi_read kern
rtl_csi_write kern
rtl_disable_clock_request kern
rtl_disable_msi kern
rtl_ephy_init kern
rtl_ephy_read kern
rtl_ephy_write kern
rtl_hw_phy_config kern
rtl_hw_start kern
rtl_hw_start_8101 kern
rtl_hw_start_8102e_1 kern
rtl_hw_start_8102e_2 kern
rtl_hw_start_8102e_3 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168bb kern
rtl_hw_start_8168bef kern
rtl_hw_start_8168c_1 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168c_2 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168c_3 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168c_4 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168cp_1 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168cp_2 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168cp_3 kern
rtl_hw_start_8168d kern
rtl_hw_start_8169 kern
rtl_mdio_read kern
rtl_mdio_write kern
rtl_phy_write kern
rtl_rar_set kern
rtl_rw_cpluscmd kern
rtl_set_mac_address kern
rtl_set_rx_max_size kern
rtl_set_rx_mode kern
rtl_set_rx_tx_config_registers kern
rtl_set_rx_tx_desc_registers kern
rtl_shutdown kern
rtl_tbi_ioctl kern
rtl_try_msi kern
rtl_tx_performance_tweak kern
rtl_xmii_ioctl kern
rtnl_is_locked kern
rtnl_lock kern
rtnl_unlock kern
schedule_delayed_work kern
set_bit kern
skb_copy_from_linear_data kern
skb_end_pointer kern
skb_headlen kern
skb_network_header kern
skb_put kern
skb_reserve kern
strcpy kern
synchronize_irq kern
synchronize_rcu kern
test_and_clear_bit kern
test_and_set_bit kern
unregister_netdev kern
valid_dma_direction kern
virt_to_phys kern
vlan_hwaccel_receive_skb kern
warn_slowpath kern
writeb kern
writel kern
writew kern
logRead user
logAlloc user
logFree user
logWrite user
logStackFrame user
logSfiFrame kern
logStackVar user
stackguard_push user
stackguard_pop user
stackguard_stack user
stackguard_set_ra user
stackguard_get_ra user
heapifymalloc user
heapifyfree user
